5 What
Do you know a new promotion offering Sinnae-dong hageteupnida
In this time, I'll start writing to you about the two-handed fan
Oh, I'm now a lot of those lessons hanteneun hands now fade in recent daesun
I've Mercure players, but also a lot of positive bands are now used
In recent years ,
Many people who speak them correctly in both hands and I handed painter Caucasian
Becoming a must in a way that I think still heard speaking
I am personally teaching at college,
You can enter
Because both hands are better than one hand - the ligaments are good for learning skills.
It is also good to have another spin after the burr.
There, because about a thousand prints glasses, so that both sides - the lecture about
I do a lot
So I am face amount of disease transmission in this time now in many of the body
After years of hardship
In an opus dance, we can change a stance,
Shall you be in the open was thinking what a way to take advantage asking
It would be advantageous to take a stance
Because what is inde hands with the fans is the fact that we left so chideut included
You can think of it as a point .
In fact, in the case of a two-handed backhand , this rotation radius
Catch
So if you walk this way and do not really care about the waist dancing or stance lime waist
Really be
It can not be at any cost by that body rotates so I Upon
How you can do today in concert dancing at Spencer
And the players
I am now today the case that the player being a soul
Uh kdb its 2013 Korea Open
It 's because I'm hitting both hands on Rod Vanska who won the women's singles.
Briefly
So this is the way I am playing this game .
The player does not have a lot of work,
But I see that Orson Spencer's sister,
This introduced me to tell you switch enthusiasts and is open at the end will help
Deseo should try to start if one did this white rock dwaeseo
From Perth to Perth dance 5
The distance between two feet
In the orange stance, of this seed.
This is an open attempt.
Square ssenseu so I could walk normally again as soon as you count 1
I'm going to get a square stance this way.
Oh, now that suddenly, for example if you have not difficult away comeback
Next time you return from a very high point open stance in one case
I use it a lot.
When the people of Saint-open stance also subtract the taste it is gonna do Buddhist
You know, I do not just do it.
The phone is now in good shape.
Years we open stance at the fords back pin forehand
This is what's so hasyeotdeutyi ahreuke Sam had used the angular momentum
When we get positive biases,
People who are not players are hard to turn around
It waenya exercise physical condition went through the state because they do not experience much
Once the opus dances are done, the advantage of itself is to shake off the body
So it 's nice to get rid of your body .
8 Positive white people use body rotation
Much more powerful
You can have enough spins all over your body to fight through
Because the loaf of me, so you party when exiting Turkey Boys 2
This is the case.
You can do it according to the thread. If your body does this,
When it is not hard
Look'm having a representative where
If the mushroom is eating and eating again, the first pitch is also the way and you eat grass
that
Now, even if from afar'll still like me
So naturally we have failed more Tidori including the Center
So when you put away a lot of the sensors are allowed to accompany you to the good use of the body
It's a good way to put both hands on white people .
Off sensor
I've got a lesson for you guys in the band .
So your hot
Well, for the fosters, open stance can be used to the body
New to the Republic
It's free so you have to go through that slow action,
It would have been a swing name
When you do
Looking to have a try through off stance is now a good body naeeotdeon
I can get enough of the missing parts.
So you today who is a short train struck the band in any kind of cut
Come maybe seven times, once gently far more positive than the previous expression
In translation
So, in the present situation, I have to do it naturally.
Learn to any concept of the open stance doesimyeon see No. 50 Chip
Is that you can use your body much more than before .
So to learn you a new skill
It's fun and it takes an hour .
It's hard, but it's still fun to learn
So, do you sense that there's more based one another every morning now so ex
Shrinking and why I missed you now.
This film is indifferent to what we have a passion for hard dance
They are cold
I can tell you that imagination is as fun as I said through c
I wish you a happy and healthy life. Thank you.